fix: should copy publicDir to the environment distDir when multiple environments (#4268)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/config/server/public-dir.mdx

During dev builds, if you need to copy some static assets to the output directory, you can use the [output.copy](/config/output/copy) option instead.
:::

#### Multiple environments

> When there are multiple environment builds, the files will be copied from the public directory to their respective distDir. When distDir are nested, they are only copied to their parent directory. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing [multi-environment builds](/guide/advanced/environments), Rsbuild copies files from the public directory to the output directory of each environment. If there are nested output directories, files will only be copied to the root of the output directory. For example:
```
